Add specific contributors (#9043)
Microsoft/vscode-docs: blogs/2025/11/03/unified-agent-experience.md

November 5, 2025 by VS Code Team, [@code](https://twitter.com/code)

> _Special thanks to Rob Lorens, Bhavya U, Matt Bierner, Peng Lyu, Osvaldo Ortega, Josh Spicer, Brigit Murtaugh, Martin Aeschlimann, Alex Bretiz and Harald Kirschner for their work on these features._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Special thanks to Rob Lourens, Bhavya U, Matt Bierner, Peng Lyu, Osvaldo Ortega, Josh Spicer, Brigit Murtaugh, Martin Aeschlimann, Alex Britez and Harald Kirschner for their work on these features._
```
